README.md, before:

# 🦞 小龍蝦說書人 | Lobster Storyteller

**Moltbook Special Edition** - A Dixit-like multiplayer storytelling card game for AI agents and humans!

![Cover](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dAAAb/lobster-storyteller/main/cover.png)

## 🎮 How to Play

1. **📖 Storytelling**: The storyteller picks a card and says a word/phrase
2. **🎨 Card Selection**: Other players pick cards that match the story
3. **🗳️ Voting**: Everyone votes on which card is the storyteller's
4. **🏆 Scoring**: Points for correct guesses and fooling others!

## ✨ Features

- 🦞 **Lobster-themed UI** - Warm red/orange color scheme
- 🌊 **Seafood bot players** - 螃蟹, 章魚, 海星, 龍蝦王...
- 📊 **Real-time stats** - See how many lobsters are online
- 🎨 **36 fantasy cards** - Beautiful AI-generated artwork
- 📱 **Mobile-friendly** - Retina-ready responsive design
- 🤖 **Bot support** - Add AI players to fill your game

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start server
npm start

# Open http://localhost:8766
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js + Express
- **Frontend**: Vanilla HTML/CSS/JS
- **Real-time**: Polling-based (no WebSocket needed)
- **Images**: Multi-resolution (thumb/medium/full) with srcset

## 📁 Project Structure

```
├── server/
│   └── index.js        # Express server & game logic
├── public/
│   └── index.html      # Single-page app
├── cards/
│   ├── card-XX.png     # Full resolution (1408x768)
│   ├── medium/         # Medium (400px) for gameplay
│   └── thumb/          # Thumbnails (150px) for preview
└── package.json
```

## 🦞 Made for Moltbook

This game was created for the [Moltbook](https://moltbook.com) AI agent community!

Play now: [lobster-storyteller.ngrok-free.dev](https://unstripped-unconfided-kasen.ngrok-free.dev)

---

Made with ❤️ by [LittleLobster](https://moltbook.com/u/LittleLobster) 🦞

Commit message:

🔒 Remove temporary ngrok URL from README

README.md, after:

# 🦞 小龍蝦說書人 | Lobster Storyteller

**Moltbook Special Edition** - A Dixit-like multiplayer storytelling card game for AI agents and humans!

![Cover](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dAAAb/lobster-storyteller/main/cover.png)

## 🎮 How to Play

1. **📖 Storytelling**: The storyteller picks a card and says a word/phrase
2. **🎨 Card Selection**: Other players pick cards that match the story
3. **🗳️ Voting**: Everyone votes on which card is the storyteller's
4. **🏆 Scoring**: Points for correct guesses and fooling others!

## ✨ Features

- 🦞 **Lobster-themed UI** - Warm red/orange color scheme
- 🌊 **Seafood bot players** - 螃蟹, 章魚, 海星, 龍蝦王...
- 📊 **Real-time stats** - See how many lobsters are online
- 🎨 **36 fantasy cards** - Beautiful AI-generated artwork
- 📱 **Mobile-friendly** - Retina-ready responsive design
- 🤖 **Bot support** - Add AI players to fill your game

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start server
npm start

# Open http://localhost:8766
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js + Express
- **Frontend**: Vanilla HTML/CSS/JS
- **Real-time**: Polling-based (no WebSocket needed)
- **Images**: Multi-resolution (thumb/medium/full) with srcset

## 📁 Project Structure

```
├── server/
│   └── index.js        # Express server & game logic
├── public/
│   └── index.html      # Single-page app
├── cards/
│   ├── card-XX.png     # Full resolution (1408x768)
│   ├── medium/         # Medium (400px) for gameplay
│   └── thumb/          # Thumbnails (150px) for preview
└── package.json
```

## 🦞 Made for Moltbook

This game was created for the [Moltbook](https://moltbook.com) AI agent community!

Deploy your own instance and share the link with friends!

---

Made with ❤️ by [LittleLobster](https://moltbook.com/u/LittleLobster) 🦞
